I greet you my dear today we
we will prepare beet salad
prunes and garlic in the yard autumn
cold disease is around the corner and
let's
let's prevent this unpleasant event in
our life is a very light salad
the only thing you have to cook in advance
boil whole
I do this usually at night and on
the next day I make this salad on
a pound of beet in this case I have three
things turned out we need all
eight prunes they are sold to us
let's say in bags
already soft we are ready and not even
Be sure to soak + 2 cloves of such
large garlic and mayonnaise light we
Now with you we will clean on the middle
grater added prunes to it I see it
straws
not such longitudinal stripes through
garlic crusher we add garlic
and fill it up with one or two but spoons
mayonnaise
so we have opened light in
salted water so we salt
nothing is needed now
rubbed it on a medium grater squeezed out
here 2 cloves of garlic through
chop the garlic press here
Russia beautiful slices teach Saul
prune glasses is somewhere around 7
medium prunes add here all
mix well now add here
2 spoons of mayonnaise
Poltava and 2 no more heart all
mix and so our salad we are ready
we spread it on a plate decorating
your discretion as I have here such
Rosette from the remnants of sure we sypem
top favorite nuts in this case
it's walnuts but you can sprinkle
cashews and pine someone like that all
enjoy your meal
take care of your loved ones and
to new meetings